Previously on Battlestar Galactica
- What is this place? - This... is Imaginationland
We have to get outta here!
- Hold on, fellas! - Butters!!
Terrorists have just attacked...
our imagination.
If the terrorists blow that barrier all the most evil things ever imagined
- ... are gonna pour out - Allah!!
Butters! Time for breakfeast.
But...
Oh, jeez, it was just a dream
C'mon, Butters, mom's cooked waffles and 'nanas for you
Oh, mom, dad!
I dreamed I was in Imaginationland and then terrorists attacked it...
You are in Imaginationland! This is a dream.
Hey, wake up, stupid!
C'mon, wake up, kid!
No, wait! I was back home in bed!
No, you passed out and peed your pants!
Look! The evil of Imaginationland is coming out!
- Oh, hamburguers! - Allah!!
Everyone fall back to the Gumdrop Forest!
Come with me, little boy, I'm going to get you home!
It's Alien!
Predator!
Look, we already told you everything we know!
Some guy just showed up in a big ballon and took us into Imaginationland!
What we want to know is how!
We need to find a way into Imaginationland.
You've been there. How did you do it?
We just.... went on a ballon ride
There must have been some kind of portal or dorway
Dude, we don't remember
Do you realize what's going on here? Terrorists have attacked our imagination
and now our imaginations are running wild
You better start remembering!
It was the chinese, wasnt'it?
What?
We've suspected that the chinese government was working on a doorway to the imagination
- It's that where you were?! - No!
That's it, isn't it?
Where do the chinese keep this portal? How does it work?
- Is it better than ours? - Your what?
Our portal to the imagination build as a secret project back in 1962 to fight the soviets...
Tom?!
That's super secret!
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Wait... the US government has a portal to the imagination?
Oh, see? Good job, Tom!
Why don't you just tell them everything about Project X?
Yes, sir!
We build a portal to the imagination to use against the russians during the cold war
- but we never... - That was sarcasm!
I was being sarcastic, you fucking idiot!
Oh, jez, I'm really sorry, sir
If you already built a door to the imagination, then why do you need us?
Alright, we might as well show it to 'em Goddamn it, Tom
Every night the dream is the same...
I'm on my way to visit my friend Kyle...
because we had a bet that if I could prove leprechauns were real
he would suck my balls
And it turns out, I was right
Time to pay up, Kyle
But then...
No!
Nooo!
It's been taken from me I have dry balls
Balls so dry... they explode like dust.
You OK, kid?
No
I've got dry balls
And I'm running out of time
Ever since the cold war, the US government has been working on a secret project
to build a doorway into the imagination
It is called...
Project Imagination Doorway
That's not very imaginative
According to all the test and the data the doorway should work
but... it never has
But we're close, sir We're real close
They've been saying that for over 40 years
You're the ones, right?
The kids that have been inside the imagination
I.. I guess
What was the sequence that got you inside?
We know there's some kind of resonance code, but we can't figure it out
Look, we're sorry, you guys, but the ballon just went up in the air
and the dude sang a song and we were suddenly there
Song? You didn't say anything about a song before
What song?
The imagination song?
That could be it
The fractal convertor has never worked because it was waiting for a multitonal code
Quick, boys! How does the imagination song go?
Imagination..
...imaginaaation...
Sir, I'm getting some electro feedback from the gate!
It's weak, but it's nano responding to something
Was there more to the imagination song? How does the rest of it go?
Imaaaaginatioonn...
...imaginaaa..
No, no, dude, it went up there...
- ... imaginaa-a.. - Imagina-a..
Dude, we don't remember! It was really long and stupid!
I'm just about thru playing with you, boys
We're running out of time!
You have to remember that song in its entirety!
Mayor, mayor, what are we supossed to do?
Please, sir, I have to get home to my world!
Oh, well!
All you have to do is tap your heels together 3 times
Really?
No, you fucking dipshit, that was a joke!
Mayor, what are we supossed to do, snarf, snarf?
Get to Castle Sunshine It's your only hope!
- Castle Sunshine? - Thru the Gumdrop Forest
Others will be hiding there Go, run!
Look out for the evil characters!
They're assembling on the Yum-Yum Mountain!
We are free!
Now all of Imaginationland is ours!
Not all, foolish orc
There are still parts of Imaginationland we don't control
Tomorrow we shall build our own castle, right on this spot
Who put you in charge, Kruger?
I am the most evil character here
Nonsense! Your evil is stale
I am the most evil imaginary character!
Now c'mon, y'all We shouldn't be fighting
We supossed to all be on the same side
Yeah, you're right Squirrely Squirrel
Yeah!!
What evil imaginary characters are they?
They were dreamed up by some 4th grade kid as part of his Christmas story
Now c'mon, y'all We can't waste time argueing
There could still be survivors outthere We need to hunt them down and kill them
- And eat their flesh! - First we should rape them!
How about we kill them and then rape their bodies
so we can use their blood as lubricant?
Say, that's a great idea, Beary Bear
Man, I do not want to meet the kid that dreamed THOSE things up
Look, I want some goddamn answers!
You brought my friend here to Washington! Where is he? What is going on?
I'm sorry, sir, that information is clasified
Something is going on and I have a right to now where my friend is
There's somebody asking a lot of questions about what's going on
Let me handle this
I'm sorry, but there is no such thing as Project Imagination Doorway
Imagination Doorway...
It was started in the 60's as a secret government project
Right
Imagina-a-tion
- Imagi... - Wait, maybe that's were he went really flat
Like that half-step key change... Imagina-eetion
Right, then it was.. imagination
imagination, imagina-a-tion!
It's open, it's open!
Getting readings from the other side... that... that's it!
We've made an opening to our imagination, sir!
Alright, that's enough! We still got a lot of work to do, people!
It's time to go in and get our imaginations under control
How much further to Castle Sunshine?
Snarf, I'm not sure, snarf, snarf I've never been
- What was that? - Over here
Oh, Christ! It's Strawberry Shortcake!
Please, let me go!
Oh, my God! Snarf
Now kill her
Wow, wow, hang on, y'all!
We can't just kill her, that's not evil enough!
What do yo mean? We cut out her eyeball
Yeah, that's super hardcore
Now c'mon, y'all We can do better than that!
Hey, I know! Let's all pee in her empty eye socket!
Let's make her eat her own eyeball and then pee in her empty eye socket
How about we get someone with AIDS to pee in her eye socket?
so she dies all slowly?
Yeah!!
Nobody hear has AIDS!
But we've got to have AIDS before we pee in her eye socket!
Now, don't be down, y'all
I bet we can find some AIDS down the forest
Run, run run!
Alright, men.
We don't know what you'll experience on the other side of this doorway
but it will most likely be really weird
If you reach our imagination
you are to take every step necessary to get it under control
- Are you ready? - Yes, sir!
Are you ready, Kurt Russel?
I... I don't understand why I'm here, I... I'm just an actor
Yes, but you were in that one movie that was kinda like this
That gives you more experience than anybody
Alright, here we go Men... forward!
- Sir, we have a security breach! - What?!
There's an unauthorized entry alert, it's coming from sector 2!
Sector 2?
Cartman?
Hello, Kyle! Thought you could get out of your responsabilities, ah?
- Who the hell are you? - That kid you have made a bet...
that if I could prove I saw a leprechaun, he would suck my balls!
Get him outta here!
Hold on a second! I have a contract!
Validated by the United States Court System!
Let me see that!
Why would you agree to suck someone's balls?
I didn't think there was gonna be a goddamn leprechaun!
Alright, you two can go use the conference room
- Go on, we have work to do here - What?
- Wait! I wanna see what happens here! - You signed an agreement, kid
We don't have time for this, go on and do it
Stan?
Dude, you did make a deal
The conference room is wich way?
Well, well, well, here we are, Kyle
You tried to bail on our agreement but I found you
I didn't bail I got picked up by the government
Well, we're here now That's all that matters
Care for some nuts?
Oh, that's right, I guess you'll be chock full of nuts in just a few minutes
Cartman, do you even know what's going on?
We went to Imaginationland! Terrorists attacked it!
And now the government is about to...
Oh, jeez, I'm sorry, Kyle...
It's just I'm so completely bored by this story
See, I'm really only interested in the part where the leprechaun is real
and so you have to suck my balls
Ok, fine! You know what? Let's just get it over with
Oh, no, no, no, no, not so fast, Kyle
I've waited a long time for this
and I intend to savor each and every second
No, I'm serious!
I wanna see what's happening downstairs, so let's just do it!
Not just yet, Kyle
There's still a few things I need to do
By the way, I should tell you that I haven't had a chance to shower
while making my way up here
My balls are... extra vinagry
Just get to it, already!
Entering the portal in 5 seconds
Kurt Russell, can I get a com-check?
Check, 1, 2
Good luck, men! Godspeed!
What do we have?
Kurt Russell, can you hear me?
We're here, we're somewhere
They are inside the imagination, sir
What do you see in there
There's lots... big mushrooms, colourful grass
Some castles in the distance
Wait...
something's coming for us
It's coming out of the bushes! It's a...
Oh!
Ah, it's just a cute little squirrel
Hey, it talks!
- The little squirrel talks - Awwhh!
An imaginary talking squirrel
Ask the squirrel what it knows about the terrorist attack
Wait a minute... the squirrel has friends
Oh, well... well it's a whole bunch of woodland critters
Wait... woodland critters...
There's a talking bear, an a beaver, and...
They seem to be Christmas critters
Oh, hello! Let's hi!
- Get them outta there! - What?
Tell them to get away, now!
What's the matter?
Oh, the... cute little bear's eyes are starting to glow red now
Hello there, little animals, do you happen to know how to.. Ahh!
Kurt Russell, what's going on?
They're raping me! They're raping me!
Get outta there, Kurt Russell!
They're raping all of us!
Oh, it hurts!
They're raping us and it hurts!
I was thinking about using a high-speed shutter with a low-depth of field
What do you think?
Goddamn it, Cartman! Would you stop wasting time?
I wanna get this over with!
No, you're right, Kyle
A higher depth of field will make sure everything stays in focus
There we go
Now, Kyle, when you're sucking my balls
are you gonna think about how right I was about the leprechaun
or are you just gonna try and focus on how rough and salty my balls feel in your mouth
Let's just do it!
In time, Kyle
You certainly are eager for balls, aren't you?
Are you ball-famished? Ball-starving?
You see, Kyle, I wonder if at this moment you're actually...
Everyone to the main hall, now, go!
Ah, no, no, we're not done in here yet
Everyone to the main hall, now!
No! Goddamn it, no!
Oh, boy! snarf, snarf
My feet are really getting tired, snarf
Ahh.. Snarf, could you maybe like shut up for 5 minutes?
Wait! There it is!
We made it! Castle Sunshine!
Yeah, right!
Hurry, get inside!
The evil imaginary characters are approaching!
Lock down the gates! Prepare to fire the cannons!
Wait! Waaaiit!
- What imaginary character are you? - The Lollipop King?
From the Lollipop Forest?
And I'm Snarf
Snarf, snarf, snarf, snarf
And what imaginary character are you?
Oh, ahhh, uh, I'm not imaginary
- I'm Butters - What's a "Butters"?
The Mayor brought him and some other kids into Imaginationland
just before the terrorists attacked
So you came from the real world at precisely the same time as the terrorists
That seems like quite a coincidence
Uh, I was just playing with my friends and then we.. we cought a leprechaun...
- and then this guy... - You cought the leprechaun?!
Take him!
Perseus, he's not against us! Snarf, snarf
Talk to me! What's going on?
Something is coming thru the gate from the other side
- What is it? - It's like a...
- Half man, half bear! - And half pig!
No, no, wait!
It's like a half bear, half man-pig
Look out!
No, I think it's more like a half man and half pig-bear!
Reverse the doorway! Send him back thru!
Kyle!
Whoaaa!
Please, I didn't help the terrorists get into Imaginationland!
Honest!
That is for the Council of Nine to decide
Don't worry, kid The Council of Nine consists of
some of the most highly regarded imaginary characters in all Imaginationland
Fellow Council, these are indeed dark times
The evil forces amass at our gates as we speak
Zeus believes we should evacuate
Yes, their power outmatches ours
If they are giving us a chance to leave
we must take it
And what say you, Morpheus?
How are we to know that they would let us go?
Their offer could be a trap
Perhaps we must flee to the temple of Alderan
Surely they won't chase us there
No, we cant
C'mon, you guys, this is our home
We have to fight
To keep it the way it is meant to be
I'm with Jesus. The evil characters aren't going to just let us go
That may be, Popeye
But we don't have a choice
Forgive my intrusion, Council of Nine
But this boy has infiltrated from the real world
Bring him here
Clear
I'm sorry
He's gone
No, Kyle can't die
I'm sorry, young man
Kyle?
Well...
at least now he doesn't have to suck anyone's balls
Nooooo!
No, he has a strong heart! He wants to live!
C'mon, Kyle! C'mon, buddy!
He's gone, little boy
- Zap'em again, do it! - Charging...
Do it!
- C'mon, buddy! C'mon, buddy! - Clear
Get outta here!
Goddamn it, Kyle!
You never walked away from anything in your life!
Now fight!
Fight! Fight! Right now!
Fight! Fight!
Fiiiight!
Get him some air
Please, breath easy
I believe this child was brought into Imaginationland for a reason
Perhaps the Mayor knew something we don't
What are you saying, Aslan?
- That if we are to take back control, we might... - Yes
If we are to take back control from the evil forces
this little boy might be the key
Awwwhhh, I'm the key?
Could I not be the key, Morpheus?
I don't wanna be the key
If you ever wanna see your home again, little boy
you'll have to raise to this challenge
But I'm suposed to be at school right now
and instead I got... I got Snarf and Popeye
and Luke Skywalker all pissed off
It is a dark time for all of us, young boy
but know that if you believe in yourself
everything will turn out alright
Sir.. are you sure about this?
We have no choice
Terrorists have attacked us where we are most vulnerable
There's no other option
We have to nuke our imagination
Wake up, Kyle
