"Eek, A Penis!"
It's like my whole life has just been one big screw up, you know?
I admit it, I was sexually lost.
And then I see this person on Oprah.
She's a woman, but then she got a sex change and became a man,
but then she got pregnant and is having a baby
which means she was still a woman all along.
That means I'm really still a man!
I still feel like a man.
Are we gonna get tested on this?
This sex change was a big mistake. Okay?
I was on a lot of pain killers at the time,
and I thought it was what I wanted.
Dude, you wanna do some math problems?
And then I go to the doctor, right?
And I say doctor, I want to go back to being a man and he says,
well, there's been too much damage, you can't go back.
Where are you going to find a penis?
What do you mean where am I gonna find a penis?!
I'm a man!
I deserve a God dammed penis!
Uh, mister -- mister Garrison!?
Could we speak with you, please?
What do you want? I'm trying to teach.
Uh, we think it's best you not teach
until you get your personal life in order, m'kay.
Oh, it's so easy for you, Mackey, you have a penis!
Okay, students,
uh, obviously we've had a little emergency with your teacher.
So, uh, while we deal with this
we need one of you to lead the class and review for tomorrow's quiz.
Oh! Me, me! Me! Me!
Right here! Right here!
Who else would like to be teacher for the day?
Anybody else?
Principal Victoria! Over here!
Any other volunteers perhaps?
Principal Victoria!
Alright, alright, fine. Eric, you lead the class.
Yes!
Now just lead a review over whatever Mr. Garrison's been teaching you
and I'll be back to check on your shortly.
Well, well, well...
Who's teacher now?
Yeah... who's teacher?
You're not the teacher, fat ass.
That's Mr. Cartman now, Kyle!
And you will be wise not to interrupt
my class unless you want to be suspended!
Yeah.
Mmm-yeahhh. You like that.
Alright, Clyde, you're first. Get up here.
Yeah, you're gonna take it, Clyde.
<i>And so it appears that the local farmer's market</i>
<i>could be soon facing complete closure.</i>
<i>In other news tonight, a South Park bio company is coming under fire</i>
<i>for genetically engineering body parts</i>
<i>onto laboratory mice.</i>
<i>This picture of a mouse genetically altered to grow a human ear</i>
<i>has already sparked waves of protest.</i>
What?
<i>But the scientists say the process could help thousands of people</i>
<i>who have become disfigured and need ears or noses.</i>
Holy freakin' Jesus.
Using common genetics and cartilage scaffolding,
we can graft almost any body part onto a mouse and allow it to develop.
Here's the mouse you saw on television.
Once the ear fully forms, it can be transplanted onto a person.
Doctor, what about a penis?
Well, a penis is something a man puts into a woman's vagina.
No, no.
If I gave you some of my DNA,
could you grow a penis on a mouse for me?
You don't understand, doing this stuff is very expensive
and we've never tried a penis before.
There's no guarantee it would work!
I will give you all the money I have to just try. Please.
Doctor, I'm a man trapped in a woman's body.
- I need a penis. - Alright,
alright, let's see what we can do.
Eric, we've called you in to commend you
for your role as student teacher.
Don't commend me, it's the students' fault for being so stupid!
Commend means you've done a great job, Eric, m'kay.
After leading your class through review,
your schoolmates scored higher than they ever have on their tests!
Whatever you did really worked on them!
Oh well, thank you.
I believe strict discipline along with compassion
for my students is catamite to their learning.
These gentlemen from the Denver County School Board
have something they want to ask you.
Young man, word of your success as a student teacher
has started the whole board thinking.
We would like you to try your methods on one of our inner city school classes.
These kids just won't listen to any adult teachers,
and since you handled your class so well...
How'd you like to give it a shot?
That sounds like a chance to really make an impact
on some students who need it most.
How much will you pay me?
Three hundred bucks! Did you hear what I said you guys!?
My awesome teaching skills is gonna earn me three hundred bucks!
You're not an awesome teacher!
Whatever, the whole class scored super high on the tests.
The only reason we scored high
was because we took the answers out of Garrison's desk, and you know it!
Yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of Garrison's desk?
Kenny's!
<i>- Yeah, that was my idea. - Oh, yeah.</i>
But whatever, I'm gonna go teach those underprivileged inner city students
and really turn their lives around.
Do you know what those kids are going to do to you?
A little middle class white boy telling them what to do?
They are going to fucking murder you.
Maybe he's right. I better be careful how I look.
Students, quiet! Quiet, please!
Give me your attention.
I'll give you my attention all night long, Mrs. Miller!
You're on thin ice, Rodriguez! Now listen up.
The Denver County School Board has sent over a special guest teacher.
This may be your last shot at graduating from high school at all!
I want you to welcome Eric Cartmanez.
Hello, students. I am Eric Cartmanez,
your new teacher.
What the hell is this?
I am here to teach you calculus.
I think you're going to be very pleased
with the progress, Ms. Garrison.
Mister Garrison!
Sorry, 'Mister' Garrison.
Your DNA has replicated and grafted very successfully with the mouse.
And so here's your penis.
Wow, my penis looks great!
Yes, it's a fantastic penis. Congratulations.
How long before it's ready?
Well, it still has some forming to do, but fairly soon.
Let me see if it feels right in my hand.
No! Don't open the--
Oh, no!
Don't let it get out of the lab.
My penis!
Stop penis! Come back here!
Okay, everyone take a silly bus and pass it to the amigo behind you.
Hey man, what the hell do you think you're doing?
Yeah!
Mr. Cartmanez is here to make sure you all get into college.
Getting into college?! Man, we aren't getting into no college?! Fuck you!
Yeah, man! That's right!
What is this, anyway? Man, this is crap!
How do I reach these kids?!
The reason that you think you can't get into college
is because you haven't been taught
how to cheat properly.
How do you think white people always get ahead?
Because we cheat all the time.
I mean, because they cheat all the time.
This is Bill Beeelichick. Coach of the New England Patriots.
He's won three Superbowls. How?
He cheated.
He even got caught cheating.
And nobody cared.
Bill Beelicheck proved that in America it's okay to cheat,
as long as you cheat your way to the top.
Hey, I don't want to be called a cheater.
No, no, if you cheat and fail, you're a cheater.
If you cheat and succeed, you're savvy.
This is bullshit! I don't want to waste my time learning to cheat!
Go ahead, the door's right there.
Bye, bye, have fun. We will miss you.
How do I reach these kids?
Boys! Boys, have you seen my penis?!
- What? - My penis is on the loose!
If you see it, just try to catch it with some cheese!
Ow, that hurt my brains.
Owww.
Nice form, compadre.
Hey I walked out of your class, teacher.
Look, I don't want to argue with you about the merits of cheating.
Who wants to argue on a nice day like this.
How about a little pickup game?
Hey, Petano! Can you keep score for us?
Sure thing, Mr. C.
Okay, you start on defense, amigo.
Oho, that's one to nothing, amigo.
- You cheated! - What's the score, effe?
Okay, let's go. Your turn.
That's two to nothing, amigo.
Fuck you, man! You can't do that.
Look at the scoreboard, amigo.
No matter how many times you say I cheated,
the scoreboard says 2 - nothing.
I know what you're trying to say, but I still don't agree with it.
Two to nothing, esse. Two to nothing.
How do I reach these kids?
What is that?
Stephen! Stephen, come quick!
- What is it, dear? - A penis is loose in our kitchen!
- A penis? - Yes, it just ran across the floor!
Now darling, calm down.
Calm down nothing, I don't want that penis running through my house!
Ah, women, always afraid of penises.
- There! There you see it!? - Oh, it's just a little penis, darling
I don't care, it's probably got all kinds of diseases.
Hey, wait! I think that's teacher's penis!
- Your teacher's penis? - Yeah, that must be his!
Butters, how do you know what your teacher's penis looks like?
Today, we will discuss one of the most fundamental ways to cheat:
Getting material ahead of time.
When Bill Belichick cheated for the Patriots, what did he do?
He videotaped the opposing team's defense.
Think of the defense as your test.
When taking a test, you must also 'videotape the defense.'
Learn what's on the test before they give it to you,
and that way you can...
I thought that, well, maybe I can give cheating a try.
Have a seat, amigo. Good to have you back.
Alright. Now, when Bill Belichick got caught with his camera,
he did not panic.
He simply said what every good white cheater says when caught:
'I misinterpreted the rules.'
It's what you must also say when caught cheating.
"I misinterpreted the rules." Say it with me.
"I misinterpreted the rules." Good! Again!
I misinterpreted the rules! Again!
I misinterpreted the rules!
- Now you sound like white people! - I misinterpreted the rules!
What the hell do you mean you just put my penis outside?!
Why didn't you call me?!
Look, Garrison, my wife didn't want
a penis in the house. I had to get it out!
Well now how am I supposed to find it?
It could be anywhere!
Holy crap!
- Carol, get down from there! - No!
Didn't you see that penis just now?!
I'm sure that penis is way more scared of you than you are of it!
You saw a penis?!
It's so big and disgusting!
Come back here, penis!
There you are! Got you!
Hey. You're not my penis!
There it goes! Stop you!
The answer to number 27 is five.
The answer to number 27 is five.
The answer to number 28 is fourteen.
The answer to number 28 is fourteen.
Man, what's the point?!
What's the point of any of this?!
Alright, everyone review the section on sportscasters
forgiving the Patriots for cheating and saying it was no big deal,
I'll be right back.
Malita! Malita, hold on!
You can't quit now? Come on, what's wrong with you?
There isn't any point to all this.
I won't be going to college.
I'm pregnant, alright?
I just found out.
And Eduardo isn't going to help me raise it.
How do I reach these kids?
Alright, let's go get you an abortion.
No, I'm Catholic. I think abortion is wrong.
Abortion isn't wrong.
What's the one thing I've been teaching you?
- That cheating is good. - Yes!
And abortion is the ultimate form of cheating.
You're cheating nature itself!
Why do rich white girls get ahead in life?
Because they get abortions when they're young.
They get pregnant, but they still want to go to college,
so whatever, they just cheat.
They cheat that little critter in their belly
right out of a chance at life.
I don't know, Mr. C.
Mexicans are told not to cheat.
Don't cheat, you got pregnant you have to raise the child,
so then you have to raise a child while the white girls get to go
to college and probably have a bunch more abortions.
It is at our most challenging times
that we must cheat our very hardest.
And the last time you saw your penis was two days ago?
- That's right. - Long whiskers or short?
Short. And little fluffy ears.
- Fluffy ears, okay. - Think you got it, Mitch?
I think so, sir.
Is this pretty close?
No, no! Not like that! That's just silly.
Sir, we might want to get a unit down to the Italian restaurant on Kentner.
- What is it? - Call just came through.
Seems a penis broke in and tried to eat their cheese.
Whoa! Come on!
Eeek!
- What's the matter? - A penis!
A penis? Where?
There it is! Eeek!
- Eeek! - Eeek!
- A penis! - A penis! Eeek!
- Where is it? - Look, there!
- Come on!
What's that a penis doing in the my kitchen?
Hey! Don't you dare kill my penis!
Crap! We gotta go back around!
<i># Someone, somewhere, #</i>
<i># is loving me tonight. #</i>
<i># Looking at the same moon #</i>
<i># and seeing it so bright. #</i>
<i># Someone, somewhere, #</i>
<i># - is feeling my despair - feeling my despair #</i>
<i># and this same moon</i>
<i># - is making them think, of-- - Making them think #</i>
There it is!
No! No! No! No!
- There's not a chance now. - No! We can find it!
Sorry, Garrison, your penis is gone.
I'm afraid there's nothing more we can do.
You'll just have to live with being a woman.
A very ugly one. Come on, men.
Students, I want to congratulate you on your amazing test scores.
The school board is so impressed with your progress,
that they are going to let you take
the Standardized advanced placement test
- for college credit! - Alright! Cool, man. Yeah!
The test is going to be heavily monitored
in a private room at their location
to assure that there can be absolutely no cheating.
Uh, what?
The test will be tomorrow. Make us proud.
Monitor us in a private room?
Now they're gonna know we've been cheating all along!
I knew it, man!
You made us believe in your way, and now it's all for nothing.
It's not for nothing!
If you're good enough, you can cheat right in front of them!
Shut up man, you royally screwed us all!
How do I reach these kids?
Just before the last Superbowl,
Bill Belichick gathered his football players and said,
"Let's win this one for real. Just this one time, let's not cheat."
You know what happened? They lost.
Even if you feel all eyes are upon you,
you cannot give on cheating
or else you can lose the biggest game of your lives.
Yeah, come on. We can do this, guys.
You are the true dreamers. Tomorrow you will prove it.
We will begin by reviewing how to print out
cheat sheets as labels for your bottled water.
You did this to yourself, Garrison.
Get your hopes up with a stupid genetic experiment
and now all your money's gone along with your penis.
Woah what the...
Why... It's my penis.
My penis came back. But why?
I guess it's true. What's that old saying?
"If you love your penis, let it go?"
The Standardized advanced placement test
is considered one of the most difficult
and carefully monitored tests in the country.
Twenty four of our students took the test
and all twenty four scored one hundred percent!
- Uh, can we say something? - Sure.
We would like to present this plaque to the person
who taught us the white people method,
Mr. Cartmanez.
I reached these kids.
Students and faculty, please put your hands together
and help me in welcoming back Mr. Garrison.
Thanks, everyone. It's great to be back.
I'm a man again.
Thanks to my very special new friend.
But you know, I've learned that I've really been a dude all along.
Because the key difference between men and women,
is that women can have babies.
If you can't have babies, then you're a man.
Woa, uh, wait. Hang on a second.
My wife had ovarian cancer, so she can't have babies.
Well, then get an AIDS test, Thompson, 'cause your wife's a dude, faggot.
Yeah, I'm back!
