"Super Fun Time"
Kids, everyone together.
Welcome to Pioneer Village.
This is a recreation of early Colorado days.
I want you all to meet Pioneer Paul.
Hi, kids, and welcome to my village.
I settled here in 1864 with my ma and pa.
Sure thing, I ain't never seen strange clothes like you all are wearin'.
And what's that fancy yellow horse carriage you got out there?
This is gonna suck.
When you all are ready just head up to the village.
All the townsfolk are there to answer yer questions.
And welcome. To 1864.
Set 'em up!
Thank you, Pioneer Paul. All right, kids, this is a big place,
so I want everyone to pick a partner to hold hands with.
- Let's be partners, Kenny. - (No, I'm partners with Craig.)
Okay.
- Stan, let's be partners, dude. - Naw, I'm with Wendy.
You wanna hold hands with a girl? Gaywad!
- All right, let's be partners, Kyle. - I hate you, remember?
- You wanna be partners, Jimmy? - Jesus, what have I ever done to you?
Craig? Token? Who else needs a partner?
Uh who else needs a partner?
- Eric, partner with Butters. - Goddamnit!
- Hold Butters' hand, Eric! - That isn't necessary!
Butters, you are not to let go of Eric's hand
until you are both back on that bus! Do you understand?
- I understand. - All right, let's head in.
- You can let go now, Butters. - No.
- Butters, come on! - No!
All right kids, go ahead and visit the charming villagers and learn stuff.
Keep track of your partner!
Why howdy partners. I'm the town blacksmith.
Are you folks settlers, or are you just trappers passin' through?
Uh, look, can we just drop the whole roleplaying thing?
I would play along, but my girlfriend's here
and I don't wanna look like a total dork in front of her.
- Thanks, Stan. - These folks sure are strange, Smithy.
We ain't never seen them kind of fancy hats in our time, have we?
That guy is wearing a digital watch.
Oh jeez.
- Damnit Chad! - Sorry, I'm sorry.
Why howdy, partners, I'm the town gunsmith.
You see, in our time it's pretty violent. See them holes in the walls?
That's so we can put rifles through to protect us from Indians.
I wanna shoot an Indian.
Now some of you might wanna meet Abigail at the candle-makin' house.
Or you can head over to the general store.
- You see any Indians? - Nah, it's just the city and-
Oh my Jesus Christ monkeyballs.
"Super... Phun Thyme."
Dude, check it out! We're only two blocks from a Super Phun Thyme!
They've got video games and rides and everything!
Oh, that's cool. Well come on, Eric, we need to catch up with everyone.
Dude, screw this place! We've gotta go to Super Phun Thyme!
Oh no! I'm not sneaking out! I'll get in trouble!
Fine, then let go of my hand!
Teacher said I can't let go till we're back on the bus!
Well which is it gonna be, Butters?
Are you gonna ditch out with me or disobey the teacher's stupid rule?
I'm not letting go!
- Fine, then you're coming with me! - No, Eric!
Butters, let go God-damnit!
No! Teacher! Teacher!
This here is our general store.
It's where I buy all my supplies an' sich.
Howdy partners. I own this here general store.
Look, Stan, they had beef jerky back then.
What do you mean "back then"?
Don't forget, it's 1864.
- Right. Except for it really isn't. - Sure it is. Just look around ye.
- What's that? - Sounds like police sirens.
What's a si-rene?
We ain't never heard of no sirene in 1864.
We lost them, we lost them!
- Damn pig cops! - Close that gate!
- What's going on? - I don't know.
Everyone down on the ground now!
Wuh-whoa now, I'm Sheriff McLawdog.
I settled here back in eighteen fif-
Jesus Christ!
We've gotta call the police. Where's your phone?
A phone? Why, what's a phone? We ain't never hearda sich a thing.
- What? - Come on, this is serious!
Storehand, you ever heard of this fancy smancy phone?
Uh, no. We ain't got a phone in our time.
Dude, they just shot a guy in the face! We've gotta call the cops!
If you mean the law, only law around here is town sheriff McLawdog.
You see, 1864 is a time of growth and development in the Old West.
This is not the time for that!
Aw man, this is gonna be awesome!
Butters, if you don't let go of my hand, everyone here is gonna think we're gay!
Well, that's your problem!
All right Butters, I've seriously had... enough!
Jesus Christ!
- One please. - Make that two!
Aw, aren't you two cute holding hands. Are you special little buddies?
No!
Dude, this place shreds! What should we do first?
We should get back to Pioneer Village, that's what we should do!
Butters, we're going to get back before anybody even notices we're gone.
Let's go hit the bumper cars!
Over here. This looks like an office.
- Here! Here's the phone! - Well, what a strange contraption.
I can't get a dial tone.
- What's the number to dial out? - "Dila out"?
Partner, them are some funny words you're using.
Dude, do you understand what's going on here?
Maybe they're right, Brian. I mean, this is a special circumstance that-
Oh, I mean,
this here room is, it sure is strange.
We have nothin' like these fancy devices in our time.
I'll say.
- I got through. Hello, police? - Nine one one, what's your emergency?
There's some terrorists or bankrobbers or something
that have taken our class hostage! - Taken hostage where?
The old Pioneer Village off of Kipling.
You mean that annoying place where employees won't break character?
Sister, you don't know the half of it.
Check it out, dude, I'm a space man!
Space man, yes!
<i>I'm having a super fun time playing</i>
Get that guy! Shoot that guy! Yeah, and then ever here!
Oh, you got it. Nice.
<i>Super fun time, please don't go away</i>
What are you ogling at?
<i>No more worries or cares, super fun time</i>
- Oh man, whoa! - Whoa!
<i>The answer to my prayers, super fun time</i>
<i>Super fun time, you're all I need</i>
Yeah, we're wired up!
<i>I'll have a super fun time till I freaking bleed</i>
<i>I want you morning noon and night, super fun time</i>
Yeah, bumper cars, sweet!
<i>You make my life so right, super fun time</i>
That's it, Eric. We have to be getting back!
- Aw, just a few more things. - No!
If we don't leave right now, we're gonna miss the bus,
and then they'll know we left!
I guess you're right, Butters. All right, come on.
Set up the satellite relay, check for alternate routes out of the area.
Unfortunately, your police department
got wind of our robbery and chased after us.
That is unfortunate for you, because when I think it is clear to leave
we will now need to take hostages with us
to ensure our goods get to their final destination.
Please, if you must take anyone,
don't take me. These kids are worth more to you.
How did they find us?
Get the loot out of the car and stash it in that building.
All right, men, listen up! Looks like our thieves are trying to hide out here.
They've got the employees and some school kids held hostage.
Tucker, Dylan, set up a perimeter!
Everyone stay on your toes! These are professionals we're dealing with here!
What did they rob, sir?
A Burger King.
- All right, good. Is that all of it? - No. Don't forget we've got these too.
Excellent. Now listen, everyone, we're going to be all right.
This is only a small hitch in our plan.
I'd like to speak with the chief of police!
Who is this?
This is the man who Is going to kill an entire class of fourth graders
if he doesn't get exactly what he wants!
- Why aren't the cops coming in? - They must be negotiating.
Them there bandits sure look mighty strange.
And them pistols is bigger than whats we gots.
- Will you shut up! - Wait, you have guns here?
Sure. Sheriff got lots of rifles in his office.
Well why don't you go get them and bring them back here?
- All righty. Come on, storehand. - Yepper!
Oh man, I can't wait to see the look on Kyle's face
when we tell him we had super fun time,
while he was at the dumb Pioneer Village.
We're not telling anybody! I don't wanna get in trouble!
And I didn't have a super fun time anyways.
Butters, you've gotta learn to chill.
Life goes by pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while,
and do whatever you want all the time, you could miss it.
Yeah, well, I guess that's kinda true.
- Crap, they called the cops on us. - What?
- They called the cops? - They must have realized we left. Damn.
Oh my God, the police are looking for us!
- Butters! - We're gonna get it now!
Butters, calm down! I know a way out of this!
You just got me busted forever!
- Butters, listen to me, listen. - No!
All we have to do is sneak back inside without the cops seeing us.
Then we can say we were inside all along.
You said they wouldn't notice we were gone. You promised.
If we sneak back inside, we can say we never left, all right?
All right, now let go of my hand.
- No. - Butters?
You made me break one rule, I'm not breaking the other! It's all I have now!
All right, come on!
Keep the hostages from talking and search for holdouts.
Everyone check in at two-minute intervals.
I hope you have good news, Orlich.
The police have us completely surrounded on all sides.
There's no way we're getting out above ground without being spotted.
Above ground?
Look, I found this at the rear of the park.
It's an old mine shaft, but Pioneer Village was sued when a kid died in it,
so they closed it down and protected it
with a huge metal door with a coded lock.
So if we can get into the shaft, we can tunnel our way around the police.
Excellent.
One more thing, Franz: I want my share of the take now.
What's the matter, Orlich? Lose your sense of trust?
I was just thinking maybe we get through that tunnel.
Then you take the loot to Berlin and I never see you again. I want my cut.
Very well.
I'm going to ask you again, what is the door code to the tunnel?
I told you, mister, what would I know about a door code?
I'm just a simple blacksmith.
With my trusty forge I makes all the metalworks for the village-
You are an employee here,
that means you are required to know the door code for fire code reasons,
Mister David Palmer of Colorado Springs!
Huh my name ain't Palmer, it's... Old Smithy.
Hand we ain't never heard of no fire code, why,
we gots to put fires out ourselves when the-
That's it! Tell me the code or you die!
One... two...
- I... - Yes?
I don't know nothin' about no fancy door code. I'm just a simple blacksmith.
These Pioneer Village workers are really committed to their jobs.
No. Please. Don't hurt me.
Give us the code to that door and we can leave!
I've never heard of something called a door code.
Please, can't you ask some other way?
I don't have time for your stupid game! Tell me, or you die right now!
All right, all right!
Look, it's just, it's just one of those... Jenkins home security locks.
You press the top button and then, and then enter 5-2-
What he meant to say, kids, is that we ain't never heard o'no fancy door code
'cause in our time, we gots to rely on wood locks an' sich.
Goddamnit you people are fucking insane!
- I don't believe it. - Damanov, Vodski !
Find out if there are any employees or students wandering about!
Bring them here or shoot them!
- Oh crap, we've gotta hide. Come on! - Yeah. We've gotta get- get...
get the hell... outta here f-
fast.
Sector Bravo, no activity.
Jeez, cops are looking for us everywhere.
Don't worry, they're not gonna find us till we're safely back inside.
Look, see that traffic signal down there?
If we can climb across that,
we can jump to the tree branch, and then we're home free.
That looks dangerous.
Not getting busted always is, Butters. Come on.
Good, that's good. That's good. Good, all right then. Let's head across.
- Go easy. Good. - Oh gosh in heaven.
It's all right. You've got it, no problem-
- Save me! - I'm gonna fall!
Oh dude, lame.
Frolich, check in. Have you found any other employees?
We found somebody. We found this guy in the jail of the sheriff's office.
You let out Murderin' Murphy?
Y'are all gettin' it for puttin' me in that there jail!
Stop it! Stop your bad historical acting right now!
Tarnation. Why'd you let Murderin' Murphy go? He's a bad man.
I am the fucking bad man!
You get that? Knock it off and give me the mine shaft access code!
You're just gonna have to kill us, mister,
'cause you ain't makin' no sense at all!
I won't kill you if you don't tell me. I'll kill one of them!
Not me! Not me, not me!
(What? Hey, let go.)
You want to see a child die?
(No, they don't wanna see a child die!)
I am so disappointed in myself.
Teacher gave me a responsibility,
and I was just supposed to look after my partner, and I blew it!
Don't be too hard on yourself, Butters. You can't help being a douchebag.
Wait, Butters, look!
This is it! This is our chance! Swing over, Butters! Go!
Quick! Are you ready? We gotta jump!
- Let's do it! - Ready? Go!
What about you?
Will you tell us the access code or do you want to see this kid die?
I'm sorry, I'm a woman and...
Women in our time ain't allowed to know the carryin's on of the town proper.
God-damnit!
Dude, they're gonna kill Kenny!
I can't let them do it. I've got to make the ultimate sacrifice.
Stan?
Where are you going, Stan?
Wendy, I have to do something. Please look away.
All right, that does it! On the count of three this child dies!
- One! Two! - (Goddamnit, someone help me!)
Well howdy there, strangers.
Sorry to interrupt ye,
but I done come from Pagosa Springs to buy me some wares an' sich.
Oh, welcome, partner.
- Howdy! - Welcome!
What are you doing?
I heard you all had some difficulty with a criminal getsin' out of your jail.
That's right, Murderin' Murphy. He's crazy 'cause someone killed his pa.
They killed my pa!
I reckon that maybe you could make a jail door
that opened with numbers instead of keys. You know, like a big safe.
Yeah, I understand that.
Finally, a fella that talks some sense.
If'n you all was to have such a giant safe,
what would you villagers want the number to be
to unlock that there jail door, shuck 'em up?
Oh, well uh,
I reckon the easiest number to remember for any big safe door lock would be...
1864.
Yup, 1864, 'cause that's the year it is.
Eighteen sixty four. Orlich, we have the door code! Start packing up!
- We'll take the hostages with us! - No, you got your door code, let us go!
Copy that. What's the code, over.
Sweet, there's still cops looking for us in here.
All right, follow my lead, Butters.
Oh man, hasn't this place been fascinating, Butters?
Yeah, it sure has.
Oh, I just don't know what I liked better:
the historical buildings and artifacts or the, or the...
Or the witty anecdotes of the townspeople.
Witty anecdotes, yes, that's been awesome.
- Been a hoot all right! - Get your hands behind your head!
What'd we do? We've been here the whole time.
Shut up! Put your hands behind your head! Do it now!
Let go of each other!
Do what I tell you!
Our teacher said we have to hold hands the whole time we're here!
Let go or else I'll put a bullet through your hands and make you let go!
- Butters. - Now!
No!
Jesus Christ!
Go! Go take care of it! I'll stay with the hostages!
Hey, Murderin' Murphy.
- You see that there feller? - Yeah.
- He done killed yer pa. - What? I'll rip his head off!
We've got a chance. Hostages are clear!
They are coming in!
Move, move, move!
Hostages are secure at the park entrance!
I got you now, Pioneer Paul!
They shoulda never let you out of jail, Murderin' Murphy!
Freeze, scumbag! It's all over!
Murderin' Murphy's gonna kill Pioneer Paul!
Stop right now! It's over!
<i>Howdy, partners. It's five o'clock.</i>
<i>Pioneer Village is now closed for the day.</i>
<i>Head back to your wagons and have a safe trip home.</i>
- We made it! - We made it!
Oh God, I can't wait to get out of this dress.
Whoa, that was great!
Uh, listen, if anyone still wants to know,
the phone is in the administration building, you dial 9 to get out,
and there's actually a back exit behind the horse troughs.
Good night everybody, thanks for coming. We did it, guys!
Let's go to TGI Fridays and get some jalapeño poppers!
- Yeah, that'd be great! - All right!
- Oh yeah. Jalapeño poppers. - Let's go.
Stan, you were really brave in there,
but you did kind of sound like a big dork.
- I know. - Come on you!
- You're hurting my arm! - Too bad!
You'll be going away for a long time. Was it worth it?
In a way, it was. I might not have gotten away, but...
at least I learned a lot about Pioneer life in the Old West.
Those early settlers didn't have the modern conveniences
we all take for granted today.
To think how difficult it was back in those times
to do something as simple as washing your clothes.
Pioneer Village has a lot to teach us all.
That's true.
Hey look.
Teacher, my partner is back on the bus!
