Welcome, oh, welcome to our little play.
It's our hope that you all learn something today.
I am a tooth.
So white and so strong.
I am a toothbrush.
My bristles are long.
Together we work to keep the bad guy away.
He's mean and he hurts, and his name's tooth decay!
His name is tooth decay!
Where is tooth decay?
Tooth decay, that's your cue!
He's not here!
What do you mean he's not here?
He's at home watching the royal wedding!
The what?
He said he had to watch it!
Is this some kind of joke?
We are two weeks into tech rehearsals!
Who the heck would sit at home, watching the royal wedding?
It is a glorious spring morning and literally thousands have gathered
for the royal wedding.
People are still filing inside the abbey, to watch the Prince and Princessss of Canada
exchange their vows.
What a great day for Canadians everywhere.
The winnipeg drummers playing the 'march of a thousand farts'
as is traditional for the Canadian royal family.
All the biggest Canadian celebrities are on hand.
There are sirs Terrance and Phillip with their wives, the lovely queef sisters.
I believe -- yes, I believe one of the sisters quiffed just now.
There are Canadian recording artists sir Brian Adams and sir Corey Hart.
Everyone looking smashing today.
There he is, the Prince of Canada.
What a wonderful day it is for him.
What a wonderful day it is for all of us.
Inside the abbey now, everyone waiting with anticipation.
There's the queen of Canada, in attendance of course.
I believe she just quiffed.
The Prince makes his way down the aisle.
Led by the bishop of Newfoundland.
People in attendance now gently tossing Captain Crunch as the Prince passes by,
as of course is tradition.
The prince takes his place next to the large vat of butterscotch pudding.
Oh and here she comes!
Yes, there she is!
The about to be Princess of Canada!
Isn't she ravishing?
So pure of heart,
so strong in body.
So hot in the face.
She is indeed the living symbol of our great country.
My God, she's beautiful.
Princess.
The Canadian Prince is now dipping his arms in the pudding, as is tradition.
The Princess will of course scrape the pudding
off the Prince's arms thus symbolizing their union.
What a glorious day for our country and indeed the world.
And now of course the -- wait a minute, what's this -- oh oh,
something is going terribly wrong!
The abbey is shaking violently and explosions abound
the top, yes, the top of the abbey is collapsing.
The Prince and the Princess look on in horror.
This is not the tradition.
This is not traditional at all.
A giant hole now blasted into the ceiling debris falling down
and crushing several spectators which is also not the tradition
for a royal Canadian wedding.
A bright beam of light shooting through the hole in the ceiling.
The Princess now is in some kind of isometric cube.
This is certainly breaking with tradition now.
No!
No!
Canadians in attendance cannot believe their eyes.
Widespread panic.
The Princess being hoisted away.
The little mushroom people of nova scotia, screaming with horror.
The Prince is attempting to grab hold of the cube.
The Duke and duchess of calgary are hiding behind the pews.
This is indeed a horrible day for all of Canada, and therefore --
and the pudding has just been knocked over!
Oh, this does not go with tradition at all.
The royal pudding now spilling all over the abbey as the Princess is lifted up.
Up.
And she is gone.
The Princess has been taken.
This is indeed a horrible day for Canada, and therefore, the rest of the world.
I am a tooth.
So white and so strong.
I am a toothbrush.
My bristles are long.
Together we work to keep the bad guy away.
He's mean and he hurts, and his name's tooth decay!
His name's tooth decay!
Oh no!
It's tooth decay!
He's gonna get us!
No, no. Tooth decay.
Your character is supposed to be mean and nasty, mkay.
Not crying.
No, no. See, tooth decay can't be sad until toothbrush and dental
floss have gotten rid of him.
You can't just start already sad, there's nowhere to go.
There's no arc, mkay?
Oh for cryin' out loud!
Alright, alright, tooth decay, you just go home and sort yourself out!
The rest of us will rehearse the finale again.
And you better come back tomorrow with a different attitude, tooth decay, mkay?
The tornado was said to be the deadliest in 56 years.
In other news, it's been 24 hours now and the Princess of Canada is still missing.
All of Canada is in mourning as nationwide suicides abound.
The Princess is gone!
The Princess is gone!
A massive candlelight vigil was held last night, led by the Canadian band rush.
And it seems to me you lived your life
like a flower breaking wind.
Never knowing who to turn towards
the Prince of Canada has said that --
we have just received breaking news that the Canadian government now knows
who took the Princess.
The Canadian prime minister is instructing all people of Canadian descent to go home
and 'open their box of faith.'
box of faith?
What the heck is that?
Hello there my noble, strong, fellow Canadian.
If you are watching this filmstrip, then no doubt Canada is in grave danger.
As you know, the very heart of Canada is the royal family.
If you have been ordered to open your box of faith,
then one or more of the royal family must be in peril.
Or else you just opened your box of faith and are watching this without being told to
in which case you are a dick.
If you have indeed been instructed to open the box, then this is a call to arms.
All Canadians in fighting condition are asked to meet by the tree in Edmonton.
In your box of faith you will find all the items you need.
A location beacon, a first aid kit and a sandwich.
You may eat the sandwich now.
Good luck, Canadian citizen, and God help you.
All of Canada is relying on you.
Where are you going?
Ike, where are you going?
I gotta get to Canada and join the army and save the Princess!
Whereas salagadoola mechika boola equals x.
And bibbidy bobbidy boo is y.
Put 'em together and what have you got?
Bibbidy bobbidy boo - x+y=y.
X=zero.
The song is badly written.
Second verse x+y=bibbidy bobbidy cubed + boo.
Kyle Broflovski!
Do you mind telling me where your brother is?
I don't know.
How am I supposed to do a play, mkay, teaching students about the importance
of dental hygiene without tooth decay?
We have two more days of tech, and then previews start on Monday.
What am I supposed to do, Kyle?
You tell me!
Well, couldn't you, you know, just get rid of the part of tooth decay?
Getting rid of tooth decay is what I'm trying to do!!
He's your brother, Kyle Broflovski mkay? How are you going to fix this?
Hey.
Hey there.
You going to Canada too?
What am I saying?
Of course you're going to Canada.
You're Canadian, sure enough.
Opened your box of faith, did you?
Me too.
They can't take our Princess and get away with it!
Mind if I sit down?
Soon as I heard the call there was no question I was gonna sign up!
Didn't care how far away I was, I was gonna get to the rally point
at the tree in Edmonton.
Didn't know other Canadians living here in the U.S.
I'm from Toronto originally.
But everywhere I went people were terrified by my disfigurement.
I have to wear this bag on my head because I'm hideously ugly.
Had to move here to the United States.
Here people don't think I look ugly.
They just think I look Canadian.
The name's ugly Bob.
I am a tooth.
So white and so strong.
I am a toothbrush.
My bristles are long.
Together we work to keep the bad guy away.
He's mean and he hurts, and his name's tooth decay!
I am tooth decay!
Your teeth shall be mine!
With candy and treats I will
hold it! Hold it! Stop!
What the heck was that?
I'm just doing the lines.
The audience is supposed to feel scared of tooth decay, Kyle!
Mkay? If tooth decay has no believability,
then toothbrush and dental floss have nothing to play against!
I'm trying, Mr. Mackey, I really am.
Oh, you're tryin'.
You call rolling your fat ass out on the stage and lazily blurting out your lines
like a turtle taking a.
You call that trying?
This play is supposed to change how people think, Kyle, get it right.
Just pick it up from there.
Brave Canadians!
You have answered the call and now we must face our greatest foe.
The Princess has been kidnapped and we believe this to be the work of the giant!
Ooh, the giant!
The giant!
That's not good.
We are attempting to attract the giant now, with a bowl of kraft dinner.
When the giant arrives, we will attack him with our guns, our swords, our --
fee fi fo fum, I smell kraft dinner.
It's the giant!
Scott,
give us back the Princess, Scott!!
You fart loving tricksters!
I'll take care of you?
You're a dick, Scott.
You have always been a dick.
And then you got radiation poisoning in ottawa and now you're a giant dick.
No, you all kept calling me a dick, and so then that turned me into a dick!
And then I got radiation poisoning in ottawa and now I'm a giant dick!
Just hand over the Princess of Canada!
Why would I take the Princess of Canada?
Because you're a giant dick?
I'm also the biggest Canadian patriot of all of you!
You know that I would never harm the royal family!
Aw, crap.
Sorry, everyone, looks like we had some bad intel.
Return to your homes.
- Come on. - Let's go.
- Yeah, we tried. - That's all we can do.
Come on.
Well, at least we tried.
I guess the Princess is gone for good, huh?
What is wrong with you people?
It is perfectly obvious who took the Princess!
I might be a giant, but there is one threat to Canada bigger than me!
Who?
The native Canadians!
The native Canadians?
There, you see that?
God damn, native Canadians.
Think they run the world.
[Speaking inuit]
[Speaking inuit]
Fart loving Eskimos.
I'm sure they've taken the Princess.
Just look at them.
Loudmouth self-centered assholes.
[Speaking inuit]
Let's get 'em!
Let's mess 'em up!
What?
You're looking at me like I'm some kind of Eskimo racist!
Well, I'm not!
Think aboot it!
Before the noble white man arrived, Canada was populated with these snow monkeys.
Who else would be pissed off enough at Canada to kidnap our royalty?
Oh shit!
Okay, in fifteen minutes you all are not gonna care about this anymore
so I'll just say what I need to say.
That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had.
We are two days away from opening and you're all messing around!
That's because tooth decay sucks.
Yeah! That's right.
Tooth decay sucks!
It's him!
Oh don't put this all on tooth decay!
Lemme tell you something, dental floss.
You're not as good as you think you are!
You're already acting like you're a star and we haven't even opened yet!
Open your eyes, dental floss.
You're about to blow your shot!
Neck-a-mic, pee-yoosh-tu-ah!
[Speaking inuit]
Ohhhhh!!
He says that the taking of the Princess was foretold.
[Speaking inuit]
He says Eskimos do hate us Canadians,
but that there is an even bigger threat to Canada who has the Princess!
[Speaking inuit]
He said the evil that took her wasn't Canadian at all,
but a beast, who preys upon people of all nationalities!
They can lead us to the beast, but we will have to destroy it!
I don't know what the God damn problem is.
Maybe you all don't know how serious tooth decay is,
maybe you all just don't give a heck.
You all probably think you can live your lives cavity free,
mkay, never giving two cents about the plaque that's building on your teeth.
Kyle, you have single-handedly destroyed all
that which I worked on for the past six years.
And so I want you to know, Kyle,
once and for all, why this whole dental hygiene thing is so important to me.
Two years ago
I lost my father to tooth decay, mkay.
He was an intelligent,
hard working man and my whole family watched as tooth decay
took him in the blink of an eye!
You've been told to brush and to floss, but do you really know the ****
do you?
[Speaking inuit]
This is stupid!
I'm telling you, you're making a mistake, kid!
Aw, leave the kid alone, Scott.
Well, what are we doing following this ice beaner?
We've been walking around for hours!
[Speaking inuit]
Don't worry.
If there's one thing Eskimos are good at it's finding things.
Eskimos are good for nothing.
I paid one to give me a blow job once.
All she did was rub her nose against my penis for 45 seconds
and then asked me to pay her.
God damn polar gooks.
Stop being a dick, Scott.
Oh, so now I'm a dick!
Wait a minute!
Look!
Ahghgghghghgh!!
It's the Princess!
Princess!
Your teeth are your friends.
They are friends in your mouth.
Take care of your friends, or they'll rot and fall out.
Visit your dentist.
He is your friend too.
And dental floss also is here to help you.
Oh, no, not dental floss!
What will I do?
Flat!
You're flat!
There!
Please, save me!
You have to hurry!
It wants to kill me?!
Who took you, Princess?
I should have listened!
I didn't believe it was real!
Oh God!
It's behind you!
Of course!
The evil atok atok!
The dark lord that takes from all nationalities.
It's tooth decay.
I am tooth decay!
Your teeth shall be mine!
I should have always brushed and flossed and avoided sweets!
Fart loving tooth decay!
I'll fix you!
[Speaking inuit]
Save me!
It's coming for me!
Help!
Help!
Princess!
Look away!
What the --
you did it, kid!
[Speaking inuit]
Oh, thank you!
Thank you!
I want you all to take a serious look at yourselves, mkay!
Act one was pure dog shit!
If tooth decay is singing flat, then the whole thing sounds flat!
Mkay?
Mr. Mackey!
Mr. Mackey!
We are putting a stop to this play.
It's over.
What?
Why?
Don't worry, act 2 will be better.
These kids just aren't listening to me.
No, it's over.
They got him, Mr. Mackey.
Tooth decay.
They got the son of a bitch.
What?
Up in the Yukon.
All bureaus are confirming it.
You can let it go, Mackey.
Tooth decay is gone.
Oh.
Oh, God.
Go on home, kids, mkay.
It's over.
What?
The Princess now giving the Canadian medal of courage to ugly Bob,
and also to Scott who is of course a giant dick.
And katook-took of the Yukon.
The medal, of course, made of white chocolate, as is tradition.
What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore, the world.
The Duke of calgary, standing up and putting on a fake beard.
A tradition passed down since the birth of Canada.
The Princess now knighting sir Ike Broflovski.
Giving him three kisses and a pair of socks, as is tradition.
I mean, come on, guys, that's pretty cool, right?
My little brother is a knight in Canada.
My sister is a den leader in girl scouts.
My Uncle's the second in line to be manager at gart brothers.
Hmm, yeah.
And now the scraping off of the pudding.
Isn't she beautiful, scraping off the pudding with the grace of a butterfly.
She rubs the pudding on her face.
The Prince now attempting to remove one of the Princess' arms.
As is, of course, the tradition.
The Princess screaming with pain.
Everyone watching with anticipation.
And the arm is off!
Things are back to normal here in Canada.
The time honored traditions are once again -
yes, the Prince is sticking the Princess' arm up his ass.
There it goes.
He's really making a good go of it.
What a wonderful day for Canada.
****
