You guys!
Oh my God, you guys!
You're never gonna guess what!
Seriously you guys, guess what?!
What?
You guys, you know Pete Melman?
Fourth grade. Mr. Bard's class.
The blonde kid?
Yeah, yeah, Pete Melman.
What about him?
He crapped his pants today during social studies!
He had to go to the nurse's office
and have his mom bring him a fresh pair of jeans!
How do you know?
Yeah dude. It's all over Eavesdropper!
Eavesdropper?
What's that?
You guys don't follow Eavesdropper?!
It's a website about all the students in the school!
Hey! Did you guys see eavesdropper?!
Pete Melman shit his pants!
Yeah, yeah I'm showing the guys!
Check it out!
Eavesdropper got a hold of the phone call from the nurse to Pete Melman's mom!
Just listen! Listen! Listen!
<i>Hello, Mrs. Melman, this is the school nurse,</i>
<i>I'm afraid your son has had a little accident.</i>
<i>Oh, no, what is it?</i>
<i>Is he okay?</i>
<i>No, no, it's not serious but he went number two during class.</i>
<i>I'm afraid he's going to need a new pair of pants and underwear.</i>
<i>And a clean pair of socks.</i>
Hey did you guys see Eavesdropper?!
Yeah yeah we're listening to it!
Dude, that's so wrong.
Pete Melman pooped his pants and had to have his mom bring him new undies!
Okay, okay, what do we call Pete Melman when we see him?
I was thinking Poopy Pants Pete, but then I also thought of Mush Pants Melman!
<i>Attention South Park students.</i>
<i>Will the following students report </i> <i>to the principal's office immediately.</i>
<i>Eric Cartman.</i>
<i>Thank you.</i>
Oh, Jesus, what now?
Eric, as you might have heard, a student here at South Park Elementary,
had an accident in the classroom.
I know dude, Pete Melman crapped his pants!
So freakin' funny!!
Okay, but you probably understand that for Pete it isn't that funny.
For him it's embarrassing and terrifying.
Right that's why it's super funny to me.
Eric, it has been almost one year since Corey Duran defecated
in his pants here at school.
Now, you remember what happened to him.
Yeah, he killed himself.
Yes, and the reason he killed himself, Eric,
was that the ridicule and the torment from
other students spearheaded by you caused him
spearheaded by you, mkay?
Made him feel there was no other way out.
We've been through this.
You cannot put Corey Duran's death on me.
I'm not the one who crapped his pants in front of everyone!
Eric, we are asking you to please just remember
what happened to Corey and not let it happen to Pete.
Please, just let it go.
You are asking me to simply ignore a kid who...
excuse my language but I have to be harsh here...
a kid who shit in his pants in front of everyone,
to just ignore that so he can have a normal life?
We are hoping that if you don't fan the flames,
Eric, the other students might forget about it.
You really think information like this will just die down?
There's Internet, there's Eavesdropper.
You might be worried Pete Melman is gonna kill himself.
But the truth is he was dead the second he crapped his pants.
Alright, Eric. Here's the deal.
This school cannot have another suicide on its hands.
We want you to see Pete Melman through this,
and turn public opinion around.
You're crazy. It can't be done.
If Pete Melman does not kill himself
we will make it very worth your while.
You aren't listening, There... Make it worth my while? How?
Dude, no way!
What's up?
They've got a video of Pete Melman's mom showing up with
fresh underwear on Eavesdropper!
Dude, that's fucked up.
Come on dude, it's pretty funny.
It's funny that something which should be completely
private is put up on a website for everyone to see?
Yeah dude, that's pretty funny.
It's megaduper-hilarious!
Oh, hey, Jenny. 'Sup?
What do you want?
You hear about Pete Melman?
Pretty messed up, huh?
Yeah, it's gross.
So what'ch you doing for lunch?
My mom packed me the best stuff!
- She even baked cupcakes! - So what?
I was just thinking that... Maybe we could eat lunch together.
I've always kind of...
liked you.
I don't like you.
I know.
I know you don't like me back.
I just... yeah, you know, this was stupid.
I'm sorry. Will you just take the cupcake?
Or don't take the cupcake. I'm sorry I wasted your time.
Hey wait!
Look, I'm sorry. That was mean.
I'd love to try one of your mom's cupcakes.
Now number seventeen, many of you got wrong, as well.
The correct answer was D.
You all right, Jenny?
Yeah, I'm fine I just...
Mr. Garrison, can I please be excused?
Excused? Oh, but we are in the middle of class.
What's the matter?
I just need to go to the restroom.
Well, okay.
Ahp, Mr. Garrison I don't think that's quite fair, I mean,
you rarely let us get up and leave during a class.
Please, I gotta go now.
Well, just give it a couple minutes Jenny, it could just be a cramp.
No, Mr. Garrison I gotta...
Oh my God!
Jenny Simon crapped her pants!
Did you guys hear that?!
Oh my God it's way worse than Pete Melman was! Way worse!
Gross!
The doctors say that Jenny Simon barely survived the fall.
Jumping off the school roof fractured her pelvis.
Alright. Cool.
No, not cool!
Okay, she is on suicide watch, Eric!
She's given up on life.
You said Pete Melman couldn't kill himself.
By making Jenny Simon crap her pants worse than Pete
I've made her the number one story on Eavesdropper!
That wasn't the point, Eric!
Nobody was supposed to kill themselves!
Unless you fix this our deal is off!
Nobody can be made fun of for crapping their pants and nobody can die?!
Yes!
Jesus Christ.
Okay, okay, umm, Jesus, uh...
Okay, look.
Ok, those tests we all took last week the state efficiency tests
how did we all do on those?
Uh... our students did average, maybe just below average.
Okay, no, they all did awesome.
In fact, our students did so good on the tests that you've...
you've decided to reward them all.
At lunch you're serving the students pizza from Pizza Hut.
But we're going to put laxatives and Arby's Horsey sauce in the
pizza so that every kid in school craps their pants after recess.
Everyone craps their pants, nobody's singled out, problem solved.
That's insane!
Okay, well if you have a better idea then why am I here?
Hi, jan, it's Counselor Mackey.
How long would it take to organize a Pizza Friday for the students?
Yeah... yeah, no they, uh, the actually did really well on those state tests.
Dude, check it out!
Eavesdropper found an email from Jenny Simon's boyfriend calling
her soft Serve Simons!
That's not funny.
Hey, here's a post about Token!
Token Black's private gym photos!
I'm not looking at that.
Come on dude, it's pretty funny.
It wouldn't be funny if that website posted something about you.
I wouldn't care.
Exclusive.
Stan Marsh thinks Elise Thompson has a hot butt crack.
What?
In an email sent yesterday to Kenny McKormick,
Stan Marsh wrote: "Dude you should have been in PE today,
Elise Thompson's butt crack was totally showing."
He went on to call her butt crack quote "nice"
and that the whole experience was quote "pretty awesome".
Kenny!
- Kenny, what the fuck? - What?
How did Eavesdropper get a hold of my email to you?!
I don't know.
Do you just leave your emails open for everyone to read?!
No.
That was a private email from me to you!
Hey, Wendy.
You like looking at girl's butt cracks, Stan?
No, I was telling Kenny he would like it.
Do you have any idea how embarrassed I am?
Wendy, it was just a quick email to Kenny,
new stories pop up on Eavesdropper every hour!
People are gonna forget all about this!
So you didn't email anybody else about Elise Thompson's butt crack, right?
This is an issue of trust and privacy!
We have to all work together to put an end to Eavesdropper once and for all.
Yes! Kyle!
So just to be completely clear.
Now it isn't funny, right?
What's funny about having our private lives hacked into?
Especially when they're writing about your boyfriends' addiction to crack.
Shut up, butters!
What we have to do is find out who in the school is running Eavesdropper.
I've done an extensive profile.
And I have narrowed it down to somebody in this very room!
Now whoever you are, you're a gossiping little bitch,
- we're not gonna... - And it's not somebody in this room?
What?
How do you know?
Because whoever it is just now posted a new story on Eavesdropper.
"Allison Taft reveals embarrassing secret about Craig Tucker."
- Hey wait, that's me... - Where is it coming from?!
If it's on the school network we can track the IP address!
This way... in here!
Whoever it is is using the computer in the music room!
We only have music class on Thursdays.
Of course.
A kid could use the computer in there and nobody would know.
Get ready guys.
Whoever's in here is the kid that's hacking our emails and phone calls.
- You guys ready? - Oh, I'm ready.
One... two... three!
It's a rat!
Get it!
Don't let him get away!
He's gone!
What the hell?
A stupid rat is in charge of Eavesdropper?
Wikileaks...
It says here it's name is Wikileaks.
Lemmiwinks!
I come with news of great gravity.
Another rodent is out there, spreading terrible rumors and hacking emails.
Yes, and I'm afraid the news gets worse.
The creature doing this, Lemmiwinks, is you brother, Wikileaks!
<i>Wikileaks, the phone hacker!</i>
<i>With a heart of doom!</i>
<i>Everyone knows the Gerbil King.</i>
<i>But no one ever speaks of Lemmiwinks' brother the evil Wikileaks.</i>
Once again wikileaks is trying to wreak havoc on our world.
Only you can stop him, Lemmiwinks.
<i>Lemmiwinks, King of Gerbils!</i>
<i>Stop your brother off doom!</i>
It's just so embarrassing!
What if the other girls find out my mother is in rehab?
It's okay, Emily.
Can I tell you a secret?
My mom has a drinking problem, too.
Really, you, too?
That's just between us, okay?
Of course, Tammy. I'm really glad I shared this with you.
Stop that rat!
Knock it off!
I just want you to know that I have a huge crush on you and...
Hey!
No, Wikileaks!
Bad!
Yup, a few more laxatives on that one.
A little more Arby's Horsey sauce on there?
Is this one good?
Yup, I think they're all ready.
You sure this will work, Eric?
What if some of the students don't eat the pizza?
It doesn't matter.
Enough students will crap their pants
to make everyone forget about Pete Melman and Jenny Simon forever.
Alright Eric, well get back to class.
We don't want anyone seeing you in here with us.
Ahp, hold on just a second.
I believe we discussed the little matter of my payment.
I'm not letting you guys screw me over again.
Give me what I wanted now.
Alright fine.
Bring her in, Adler.
Oh, my God!
Selena Gomez!
You actually got her to come!
Hi, Eric!
I understand you really wanted to meet me!
You wanna get a picture together?
No, thanks.
Okay, proceed.
I'm sorry about this, Miss Gomez.
Alright, get her the fuck outta here.
Okay, Eric you got what you wanted.
Are we straight?
That was amazing.
Alright, now get back to class.
Alder, get rid of those laxative bottles.
Trash all the Arby's Horsey sauce packages too!
There cannot be one piece of evidence of what we did here!
What the...
Oh, shit!
Stop that rat!
Alright, Lemmiwinks, we should probably get going now.
The time is nigh, Lemmiwinks!
Let us chase your destiny!
Ah, Sparrow Prince!
What news do you bring?
Wikileaks grows stronger with each passing moment.
The birds are tweeting that he is about to release his biggest story yet.
Then the moment is truly here.
Come Lemmiwinks!
Let us make haste!
Lemmiwinks?
His heart is so heavy.
I weep for him.
Indeed, could you do it, Frog Prince?
Could you kill your own brother?
I thank God I don't have to make that decision.
We might need to bring in some outside help.
You see?
There look!
It says Eavesdroppers biggest story ever is coming out this afternoon!
Biggest story about who?!
There's no telling!
It could be about any of us!
Well met, children of Adam.
I am Catatafish.
<i>Catatafish of the stomach's cove.</i>
What?
I come asking for your help.
There is only one thing that can stop Wikileaks.
But right now Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner.
Lemmiwinks?
Our old class gerbil?
What is that thing?
I'm am Catatafish.
I am a great wizard.
And, I am a friend.
And I'm a ghost... Besides, of course, being a fish...
<i>Catatafish tale will soon be told.</i>
Do you know why a gerbil is running around
hacking our phone calls and putting our secrets up on the Internet?
He does it purely for reasons of evil.
And his treachery is not limited to humans.
Wikileaks posted exaggerated things about me too.
He posted on his website that I had sex with an underage fish.
And that I made her perform bass to mouth.
If you accept this quest
you will help the Gerbil King defeat Wikileaks once and for all.
But the choice is yours.
I'm not here to make you do anything!
Like that underage salmon, I didn't make her do anything.
If she wants to do bass to mouth how is that my fault?
<i>Catatafish made a salmon suck ass hole.</i>
No, see, that's wrong.
It's being exaggerated again.
Just tell us where Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner
so we can kill this stupid rat!
Careful, child.
I assure you Wikileaks is anything but stupid.
Except when he said I made that teenage fish perform ass to trout,
that was stupid and untrue.
Did I say ass to trout?
I meant to say bass to mouth.
Though I guess it's basically the same thing.
Not that I did it.
Alright are we sure we're alone?
We're alone... now what the hell are we going to do?
What can we do?
We're all going to get fired.
This story hasn't gone on Eavesdropper yet, maybe it won't.
Oh, right.
The school faculty tries to poison all their students,
that's not gonna be on Wikileaks!
Let's just face it.
We made our beds when we enlisted Eric Cartman's help, we have to lie in them.
All we were trying to do was
keep another one of our students from killing themselves!
We are not bad.
No, no, we are not bad.
We're not bad.
I mean, maybe what we need to think outside the box here.
I mean, if there's anything we've learned,
it's that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story.
What's a bigger story than all the students being made sick?
A student committing suicide.
Hey, that's right.
Corey Duran killed himself last year and we're still dealing with the fallout.
Maybe there is a way out of this.
But we're gonna have to throw Eric Cartman under the bus.
How do we do that?
We get a bus.
And then we throw Eric Cartman under it.
Yes?
Hi. Does a Vernon Trumpski live here?
Yes, Vernon's around somewhere.
Come on guys!
Excuse me.
There he is!
It's Lemmiwinks!
Quick, we need something to carry him in!
Here's a shoebox!
Hey what are you doing with my gerbil?
We just need to borrow him, kid.
Mom!
Some kids are stealing my gerbil!
Look dude we don't have much time!
Wikileaks is about to post his biggest scoop ever on Eavesdropper!
Lemmiwinks can stop him!
Mom!
There's no time, children!
You must take Lemmiwinks now!
Grab him!
Mom!
Quickly! We must get to the school!
Wait, wait!
<i>Run run! The battle's on!</i>
<i>Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks!</i>
Can't this thing go any faster?
Hang on Lemmiwinks!
<i>Go Lemmiwinks!</i>
<i>Stop Wikileaks!</i>
Craig, are we still clear?
Nothing's broke on the website yet!
Faster driver!
The final battle is about to begin!
<i>Go Lemmiwinks!</i>
<i>Stop Wikileaks!</i>
What the hell happened?
Oh God, oh God he killed himself!
Eric Cartman killed himself did you see that?!
Oh, why would he do it?!
Oh wait here's a suicide note, "Dear guys, I just cannot go on, mkay
I'm tired of being fat, mkay.
And I have to end it all. Mkay.
Eric Cartman."
Please, can this wait?
A big story is about to come out on Eavesdropper
and we have the only way to stop it!
Well, why the hell didn't you say so?
Come on, let's go!
To battle!
Quickly!
While Lemmiwinks still has it in him!
Stop right there you little rat!
Wikileaks.
You have chosen a path of evil and now you shall pay.
Sparrow Prince, Catatafish!
Oh, dude, he is fucking him up.
Look, I think Lemmiwinks killed him!
He did it!
Mkay, let's just delete all this tabloid garbage.
Whew, I'm sure glad that's over with.
Yeah, but you know, I think we all learned an important lesson
about laughing at other people's misfortunes.
Boy, I'll say.
Oh, Eric!
Uh, Eric, I know we kind of "threw you under the bus" mkay.
But I hope you understand the faculty didn't really have a choice.
It's okay, Mr. Mackey.
I'm totally over it.
Well I think you're being very mature about this, Eric.
It was a overly generous move for you to give all the faculty those cupcakes.
I want to thank you, mkay.
Oh, you are most certainly welcome.
Well, students why don't we...
- Oh, Jeez... - You feeling alright, Mr. Mackey?
Yeah, I'll just be right back...
Oh oh it's bad... Excuse me kids, I need to run...
I put a lot of Arby's Horsey sauce in those.
Can somebody get me some paper towels or maybe...
Oh, it's bad!
Congratulations Lemmiwinks!
Thanks to you, private lives will stay private.
Yes, we are all free once again to make teenagers do bass to mouth.
Just one question, Lemmiwinks.
How does it feel to have killed your own brother?
Lemmiwinks?
- He's devastated. - Yep, he's devastated.
